[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are joined by
Victoria Whitney,
a Doctor of Science and a
retired member of the United
States Navy
Department of Defense.
She has worked as an
environmental engineer
and scientist in special
programs and projects
and is an expert in
extraterrestrial and crash site
investigations.
Today, we'll be discussing
the Omicron Commonwealth
and the Andromedan shipbuilders.
Victoria, welcome to the show.
>>VICTORIA WHITNEY:
Thank you, Emery.
>>EMERY: Do they build
ships just for themselves,
or do they share it
with other races?
>>WHITNEY: No, they share
it with other races.
They consider themselves
the elite shipbuilders
of the universe.
So they do build
them for other races.
Do they build them
all as organic ships?
No, it depends on whatever
being is asking for that ship
and what fits into their arsenal
or types of transportation,
whatever their needs are.
For the most part, they
said the Pleiadians have
some sort of organic ship
that is in their supply,
but for the most part, they
use more of a metal alloy type
thing, and I'm not
even sure what that is.
But they, as shipbuilders,
most of what they do
is organic ships, but they do
build ships for other beings.
I don't know how far that goes.
They have mentioned that
they do it for the Orions.
They've mentioned that
they do it for some Greys.
Yeah, they said
that at some point
they had built a ship
for a reptoid species
but didn't go too
much into that,
said that it was a different
model than they had ever
built before.
So I don't know what that means.
>>EMERY: Why would they
build ships for races outside
of the Galactic Federation?
>>WHITNEY: They don't.
I think what's
happening is that these
are all members of the
Galactic Federation.
And so in that manner
of cooperation and being
a community together--
>>EMERY: A show of confidence.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
Exactly.
And so I mentioned, we
have a reptoid species.
That doesn't mean that
all reptoids are bad--
>>EMERY: Right.
Correct.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
And so there are members that
belong to the Federation.
And so therefore, if
they come and ask,
then the Andromedans are more
than willing to help them out
because after all, they all
have something at stake here.
And so it's very much now if
somebody else outside of that
came and asked, I think, they
would probably tell them no.
And I think that the volume at
which they are building ships
would probably confine
that to the Federation
because I just don't think
they have enough time
to do it outside of that.
So they invited me to the ship.
And it was parked
in a place called
Gorst in Washington State,
which is a very protected area.
It's a watershed, so hardly
anybody goes up in there.
When I first got there,
we're walking out.
It's a huge meadow.
Didn't see anything.
I thought, there's probably
some more walking left to do.
But as we got
there, then he hits
one of the buttons
on his cuff and it
came into seeing much larger
than what I was expecting,
very interesting shape to it.
So when I came up on
it, the closer you get,
the more you see a
different reflection in it.
So I'm assuming that some type
of camouflaging that occurs--
>>EMERY: What was the shape?
>>WHITNEY: It's sort
of a rounded shape.
On one side there's a piece
that comes out in the front.
There are these what
look like wings,
and I'm going to say
wings like on a dragonfly,
but they lay flat.
And what they were telling me
is that's a collector system.
When I looked at them,
they had hexagons on them.
And so eventually what
happened is when we got inside,
they showed me.
So they come up and it looks
like a flower blooming.
>>EMERY: Wow.
>>WHITNEY: And they collect
these particles that supply
power to their system.
>>EMERY: Do you know how this
Andromedan ship was constructed?
>>WHITNEY: I do know
how it was constructed.
So they use a framework system.
It's like a laser system.
They have specific
models that they build.
They have space docking systems,
and this wire frame goes up.
For the most part, they
build organic ships.
And so they grow the ship
on this wire framework.
And then, of course, that goes
away once the ship has grown.
It takes 10 days to grow a
ship to be fully functional.
Then it gets a flight suit--
the ship gets a flight suit.
So the one that I went
to visit with them
has very much this osmium,
iridium, gallium flight suit.
They explain that
it allows the ship
to split and then come back
together and still be a whole.
So there's some flexibility
and morphing that takes place
with that flight suit.
The combination of the
osmium and the iridium
is what gives it its
deflector shield, so to speak,
the protection aspect
of that for the ship.
The gallium is the
flexibility of their--
they were showing being--
and I've seen that before where
you put the gallium in your hand
and it melts, right.
>>EMERY: Absolutely, yeah.
>>WHITNEY: And the
ship is self-healing.
They showed me where it
had gotten a gash in it
from a meteor collision,
and it healed itself.
>>EMERY: Did you have a sense
of consciousness of this craft
when you were on board or
did you communicate with it?
>>WHITNEY: Yes,
so it has a name.
It made it very clear
that was its name,
and it very much could
be telepathic or verbal.
And when we went inside,
it was so much larger
inside than what it looked
like on the outside.
And there were two seats
up towards the front of it.
And it looks like it's all
open, but it is an enclosure.
It just has that appearance--
like if you were looking
at a fish tank or something,
with all the openness that--
and the pilot and the
navigator sit there.
I didn't see any
display panel at first
until they activated it.
And it is an AI technology that
a technology is inserted into it
during the growth stage.
It has a circulatory system.
It has a respiratory system.
I mean, very much like
a functioning being.
It thinks for itself.
It makes decisions for itself.
So I thought that
was interesting.
They do have a module.
The Andromedans have a
module behind their ear
that when they are bred, that
module is part of who they are.
And that gives them the
interface-- direct interface
with the artificial
intelligence.
The navigator sat in his
chair and the next thing
I know this big
holographic thing comes up
around him that was
interacting either by thought
or as he touched it.
That was my first
instance of how
they found me is that they
showed me a map of the US
and all of the frequencies
across that map.
And then he said, this is you.
And it showed me
standing on the ship.
And I thought, that's
really interesting.
I had never looked at
something like that.
And I did a lot of mapping
work with 3D systems.
So that was an
interesting thing to see.
They showed me that whatever
they want, the ship can produce.
So do you want to sit down?
And then suddenly
there's a chair.
I asked about the med
bed because of Althan
and getting a black eye before
and it suddenly was right there.
They say if they need
sleeping quarters,
it produces sleeping quarters.
It's a very active ship
and highly intelligent.
And he said, you
can ask it anything.
It can give you an answer.
It does think for itself.
I asked him about because he had
mentioned that they occasionally
split into three ships.
And I thought, well,
there's only two of you.
There's a pilot and a navigator.
So what's happening
to the third ship?
It's a natural question.
And they said, well,
it thinks for itself.
And I thought, wow, that's
interesting because how does
it know what else is going on.
And says, well, we're
connected with it.
So it knows what we're doing
and therefore, it can respond.
And--
>>EMERY: Why would they do that?
>>WHITNEY: Well, they
say a lot of times
they get in
situations where they
need to do more than
one type of thing,
like maybe they need to
send out something to probe
or what have you.
And instead of sending
the entire ship,
they just send
one section of it.
Or if they do encounter--
they told us they've encountered
some hostile environments before
and therefore, having
three is better than one.
But they do come.
I asked him, can they
split more than three?
And he said no.
Three-- for the model that they
were in, three was the max.
>>EMERY: And how
large was this one?
>>WHITNEY: It was
pretty good size.
I would say if you put two
motorhomes back to back,
one of the large ones,
that would probably
be about the same length.
I was trying to give a frame
of reference in looking at it,
but it has a low-fusion system
on it for their power source.
They started it up.
I heard nothing.
I could feel a slight vibration,
but I couldn't hear anything.
And like I say, they
did raise the panel
so that I could watch how
they collect particles.
It's a beautiful sight to watch.
I mean, it's a fascinating ship,
and they're very proud of them.
And this was one of
the smaller ones.
They did say that they do
have larger class ships.
I asked him if they had a
standard look to their ships.
In other words, is
it a saucer shape?
Is it a triangle-- or what to
give us a frame of reference
and they say, well,
we build them all.
Right.
But what they prefer
are more the disk
shapes, because then they say
that they're more maneuverable.
That's what I took
away from that.
And it is a fascinating system.
They did show me where they were
growing one on a wire frame.
We look at things
that are growing here,
and it takes time, right?
>>EMERY: I heard
you saying 10 days.
>>WHITNEY: In 10 days and
the size of this thing,
I mean, it's just so rapid.
>>EMERY: And how do they get the
consciousness infused into it?
>>WHITNEY: So that's a--
they said that's
during day five.
There is some type of liquid
that is added to the system
and that's the consciousness.
And then from that point on, it
builds the circulatory system,
the respiratory system, and it's
all internal to the ship itself.
So in other words,
when I was inside,
I didn't see any of that.
I mean, it looked
like you walked
into a room and our
effect of what we
think a ship would look like.
But it is very much
this organic ship.
And the ship I found
was personable,
which is interesting.
I was expecting when he told
me that it talked to you,
I was expecting it to be
very robotic or our thought--
I mean, I have an Alexa.
She's kind of a smart alec,
but I can talk to her.
But it has to be
specific questions,
otherwise she doesn't
answer it well.
But this is just different.
It's very personal.
It would just be like
you and I talking.
And it gave its opinion,
whether it was solicited or not.
And I thought that
was interesting.
It did have a
personality, and Zoran
had said that because
they're bred for their ship,
they know that ship intimately,
that it does interface with them
in a way in which it's a
very personal relationship.
And I thought that
was interesting.
>>EMERY: When I was
in the projects,
we were always taking samples
of not just the beans, but
of the craft because
the DNA was matching.
How does-- with this craft
you're talking about,
how does the sentient being, the
AI being, the conscious being
and the pilots all connect
on what level and how?
>>WHITNEY: Sure.
Well, like I said,
they said to me
that they were bred
for that ship, which
means that they share DNA.
>>EMERY: Absolutely.
>>WHITNEY: It would be just
like when we have a child.
It's part of our DNA.
We have that natural
affection for them.
We have a natural relationship
that we develop with them.
And that ship has that
with these two Andromedans
and Kitanne had told me that
when the meteor had hit the ship
and created a gash and he
said we all felt the pain.
And I thought, wow, to be
that close to something,
to be able to feel
that type of pain.
And he said, we
compassion together.
And I thought that's
an interesting way
to use that word.
But the ship, like
I say, it's an AI.
And I'm not even sure
how that happens.
I mean, I can't even
envision a liquid AI.
I have no idea what
that even looks like.
My mind could go and say, I
see the possibility for that.
But to have that into the ship
and for it to-- them to be bred
in the same DNA for that ship
is such a huge concept and--
>>EMERY: Highly advanced.
>>WHITNEY: Yes.
>>EMERY: Definitely.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
>>EMERY: Some science
we don't know yet.
>>WHITNEY: Indeed, I'm
excited for when we do.
>>EMERY: So why a bioship rather
than a regular mechanical craft?
>>WHITNEY: Well, so if you talk
to them about their history,
they do relate--
in their past, they were in
a lot of different wars--
Lyran wars, Orion wars,
different things like that.
They had craft that was more--
different nature in which
different metallic alloys were
used, and they
found that they get
damaged and then they got
to go back and be repaired.
And that took time out of
what they were trying to do.
And so they found that
the organic ships,
because they can
heal themselves,
are much more effective.
They also found that the
response time when you rely on--
while they're very
efficient at what they do.
There's still a response
time between the ship
and what they're trying to do.
And they felt that if you're
put into that type of situation,
that response time is
all the difference.
So they begin to make a
transition to something
that they felt was
more effective.
And they do talk about the fact
that they do have some larger
ships that they cannot
make into bioships just
because of the nature of them.
And so they said those are the
type of ships that they send
to other planets,
and they wind up
either being some security
force or something like that.
So then bioships are contained
within them to release out.
So a little bit
different situation.
>>EMERY: Because
they're bioships,
are they more vulnerable to
attacks and weapons and disease
even?
>>WHITNEY: Well, I guess
it would depend upon who
they came in contact with.
They have said several
times that sometimes they
come across a species that is
not willing to share territory,
and so they will automatically
take the offensive against them.
And because the ship is so
responsive, most of the time
it can avoid or evade harm.
They try not to
fire back on them
because they realize that
they don't understand what
they've come in contact with.
They did tell me that early
on when they were starting
this system of bioships,
they did have problems
with infections, certain
things that they would come
in contact with, and
then the ship would
have a bad response to it.
And I don't really know
what those things are.
But like I say, I was able
to see where it was still
healing from the
meteorite strike,
and it looks very
much just like us.
There's a scarring over system.
And then they said
eventually the flight suit
will smooth all of that out.
But I told them, I said, so is
that scar long lasting, though?
And they said, no, it's
just a temporary situation.
I asked the question about
weapons and they said,
we have very advanced weapons.
We always win.
And I thought, OK,
so what is that?
And they said, well, we're
not going to tell you that.
But they do carry
a rod on their hip.
>>EMERY: What it look like?
>>WHITNEY: So it's
about this long.
It's about this big around.
>>EMERY: All right.
>>WHITNEY: And it's some type
of pulse and at one point,
Kitanne went out and he
went to the tree, which
I found interesting.
He went to the tree and he put
his arms around it and he said,
I have much love
and respect for you.
And then he backed
away and shot the tree.
>>EMERY: Wow.
>>WHITNEY: Which I--
>>EMERY: A demonstration.
>>WHITNEY: A demonstration--
>>EMERY: I'm assuming.
>>WHITNEY: But I thought
that was interesting
that he did that first.
And what I saw come out was
this sort of bluish light.
It looked like a donut, but you
could tell that it was a wave.
And when it hit
that tree, it just
disintegrated the entire tree.
>>EMERY: Wow.
>>WHITNEY: So then
he came back and he
told me these are not toys.
And I said I could see that.
>>EMERY: Can you describe
the navigation technologies
inside the craft?
>>WHITNEY: Sure.
So a holograph comes up
around the navigator.
He sits in there, it
goes entirely around him
and his chair is able to
swivel around inside that.
It's sectioned off.
He does have one section that
is all environment, which is
what's contained in the ship.
There's another section
that allows him to navigate,
whether they're interstellar
or whether they're on planet.
So there's a
switching system that
takes place in there
that allows you
to see different star charts.
My question, because we do a lot
of tracking of ships in the sky.
And I said, so how
does that work?
And he said, well, it's
highly sophisticated.
And he brings up a star
chart, and he shows me where
the space dock is located at.
And then he said, if we
were leaving the space dock,
he said, we pick a point and
they go through a jump gate.
And explained how
a jump gate worked.
And it uses hexagons, and--
>>EMERY: Does it form
the jump gate, the craft?
>>WHITNEY: The-- it
forms the jump gate.
>>EMERY: OK.
>>WHITNEY: A distortion
system goes around the ship.
It's a spiral distortion
system and that
opens up the space so that
they could travel through that.
And when they're done, when
they reach the other end,
then it closes behind them.
So fascinating system.
>>EMERY: Nice.
>>WHITNEY: Yeah.
But they use a jump
and that's what
he says is they jump
from point to point.
They don't just
travel through space.
>>EMERY: Nonlinear.
>>WHITNEY: Exactly.
And so it was
fascinating to see--
because they track
all of their trips.
And so he brought up
one so that I could
see where they had taken one.
They were going from
the Pleiades system
to the Orion system.
And it's just a
quick jump that way.
They did say that Orion system
has a trading center there,
where lots of different
species come in there to trade
their wares and what have you.
And so they spend a lot of
time going there and getting
supplies and things like that.
They have one as
well on the Pleiades,
but I guess not as large as
the one on the Orion system.
And they say lots of different
beings come in there.
They said, if you want
to go someplace and see
the culmination of the universe,
that's the place to go.
>>EMERY: Wow.
>>WHITNEY: So very interesting.
If they need to get
parts for the ship,
they don't go someplace like
a trading system to get it.
They take it back
to the space dock
and it's all done organically.
So it would be just like if we
had surgery done or something--
>>EMERY: Right.
>>WHITNEY: And they just
go and have that added.
One of the things I did ask him
is we trade models here fairly
frequently, whether it's cars or
whether it's jets or whatever.
We always want the next
generation of that.
And so I asked
him, I said, how do
you figure the next generation
for your different classes?
And he said, well,
it's really quite easy.
If we can make a wire
frame out of it, then--
>>EMERY: Growing.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
And I think that's
fascinating because a system
where you're using just lasers,
so to speak, to make a wire
frame, the sky's the limit.
So they were able to
build this class of ship
that they're using.
This is the one that they prefer
right now because it's small.
It can go both interstellar
and interplanetary.
Apparently, not all of
the ships can do that.
So this one allows them
to do multiple things.
They did show me
this, a mother ship,
what we call a mother ship.
They don't call
it a mother ship,
for lack of a better word, where
they were saying that it's not
uncommon for them to be able to
hold 30 to 40 different classes
of ship on them.
And they're very large.
They say that people have
this thought that they're just
floating around the cosmos.
And he said, no, that
they only use them
when they need to
use them, but they
have full forces
that live on them
and they're bred for that ship.
>>EMERY: Wow.
>>WHITNEY: Yeah, pretty
interesting stuff, right?
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>WHITNEY: Yeah.
So, like I say, I didn't
get to see a real one.
>>EMERY: No--
>>WHITNEY: But just being able
to hear about those things
is fascinating.
>>EMERY: Did the Andromedans
have anything to do
with our moon and its placement?
>>WHITNEY: They say that they
are the builders of the moon,
and they say that they have a
history of when that occurred.
There was mention of this
used to be a very unruly place
before the moon came.
And they say that unfortunately
our moon is breaking down.
It needs maintenance.
They say that they
brought it here
to provide a better
environment for the Earth,
that they were part
of that system.
I asked them, if you're
maintaining it, right,
what are you doing to fix it.
And they said, well, we don't
own that contract anymore.
So I don't know what that
means, because I did ask them
who owns the contract.
And they said, that's not
in our knowledge base.
And it doesn't have anything
to do with terraforming,
which is interesting.
And it is just providing
a means with which
to control the climate
and different tidal forces
and things like that on it.
>>EMERY: Can you tell us
their involvement with Mars?
>>WHITNEY: According
to their history,
Mars used to look just
a lot like this planet,
but that terrible things
have happened to it.
There used to be full
colonies on there.
Most of the people that
are in the Federation,
different factions had
bases or facilities on there
with which to live out of
and that we weren't the only
blue marble in the
sky at that time,
but something terrible happened.
And they believed that it has
a lot to do with the Anunnaki.
They believe that
planet was destroyed
and that there was some force
from the remains of that
collided with Mars and
started a chain reaction.
And so nobody has
really taken steps
to come back and do
anything with that planet.
>>EMERY: What did they tell
you about the Anunnaki?
>>WHITNEY: Lots.
They said they believe
that they own the universe.
>>EMERY: Yes, they do.
>>WHITNEY: Yes.
And well, they don't
call them malevolent.
They do call them territorial.
And I thought that was an
interesting word to use.
And they explained that they
go throughout the universe,
take the resources
that they want,
don't have any real respect
for the species that
is living there.
And so you get a sense of
the bully of the universe.
>>EMERY: I've heard the same.
>>WHITNEY: Yeah, they do say
that a lot of what we consider
to be gods has to do
with the Anunnaki,
that they presented
themselves that way.
And if we're willing
to follow that,
then they were more than
happy to maintain that title.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>WHITNEY: So--
>>EMERY: Book of
Enoch and everything.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
Exactly.
So it is interesting that
they do have history with that
and can relate to it.
We have a history where
we say that-- they
say they're going to come
back and they said probably
they show up sooner or later.
They don't really keep
that track of them
anymore because it's such
a wide spectrum of regions
that they travel about.
So they haven't really
run into them lately.
>>EMERY: So what is the
Omicron Commonwealth?
>>WHITNEY: Well, it's a vision
that was presented to me in 2009
by Pleiadians.
They have come to us and
told us that as a planet,
we need to unite and we can't
do it under any one government.
So they asked us to create
this Omicron Commonwealth,
and our purpose is
to bring humanity
together so that we can get into
the greater cosmos communities.
Like I say, they took
me to the cosmos.
They're taking me in the future.
So this has not happened yet.
>>EMERY: And how far into
the future for the audience?
>>WHITNEY: So the
time that I saw
displayed on one of
the monitors was 2030.
So we're not too far
off from that, which
means I need to get to work.
But it was a biosphere
that they took me to.
When I first saw
it, I thought it
was a planet because it was so
large, but it was a biosphere.
They say that it was
created by the Andromedans.
There was so many
people on board.
And so I asked him, I
said, how many people?
And they said, there are
a billion people that
live within this biosphere.
>>EMERY: Is it like cities
inside there or is it
land like mountains and rivers?
>>WHITNEY: So it was layers.
>>EMERY: OK.
>>WHITNEY: Can you
envision living
on the inside of planet Earth?
I mean, that's basically
these layers go across.
I saw homes in
there, businesses.
I mean, it was like entire
cities contained within this.
And there was a center deck that
was their main operating area.
Everybody was in uniform.
>>EMERY: Now, what's
the size of this sphere?
Is it like?
>>WHITNEY: So when I asked them,
they said it's larger than Earth
and smaller than Saturn.
>>EMERY: Wow.
>>WHITNEY: Yeah, huge.
That's what I thought.
It was a planet at first.
But like I say, there
were a billion people
that were living inside it.
There were very much
uniformed people,
and then there were people
dressed in more modern clothing.
I don't even have a
frame of reference
for that sort of
jumpsuit type things.
Everybody seemed to be happy.
They have a school system
unlike anything we had seen.
They go in and they sit
down in one of the chairs
that I talked about earlier
that cocoons around you
and they get a download.
And so if you go
in there and say,
today, I think I'll
be an engineer,
they just give you a
download to be an engineer.
And I thought, wow,
times have changed.
But it was a fascinating
place to look at.
And its purpose
is to stop things
that are detrimental to
the rest of the universe.
And they came and told
me that this would
be the instance in which--
there's a thing that they refer
to as the great evil that's
coming, and that's the
alliance between the serpents
and the Draconians.
And that in order
for the universe
to be in a better place,
that has to be dealt with.
And so that was the
purpose of this biosphere,
is to deal with that.
I'm not going to go into what we
resolved with that at this time,
but I think that this is
a well thought-out plan.
So I got a lot of time to
go through different areas.
I was surprised when
I saw farms on there.
I was surprised when I saw
hydroponic gardens, like--
I've seen hydroponic gardens,
but nothing like this.
So well contained system.
Everybody seemed to
be happy and healthy
and everybody seemed to be
working in a unified manner.
>>EMERY: What about
animals and fish
and other living creatures
besides humans and other races?
>>WHITNEY: Yeah, well, one
deck had an aquarium on it,
and I don't know whether they
were raising fish as food.
I don't think so, because they
did show me food replicators.
So I don't think
that's the case.
But they did have fish
of all shapes and sizes.
Some I couldn't recognize.
So obviously, they're
not from here.
Several people had pets
that they maintained.
So I did see a dog.
I saw several cats.
Of course, we saw cows when
we saw the farm, I saw sheep.
It was an interesting
concept because I would not
have thought of going there.
But I think what
it was trying to do
is create a normal
environment that a lot of them
were used to having, and I
think it's trying to make it
so that it wasn't outside
of being the norm.
>>EMERY: How far did you
go around this biosphere?
I mean, multiple levels,
more surface area than Earth.
>>WHITNEY: So I was
there for several hours,
although I didn't realize that
it wasn't until I got back
that I realized I had been
there for several hours.
I got a sampling
of different decks.
So it would be like you
say, I'm going to go out
for an hour-long drive, right.
And this is basically
what happened
in that short little hour-long
drive, I saw a lot of things
and I still never reached.
I may have gone 70 miles, but
if something has 30,000 miles
across, you're going to
see very little of it.
So like I say, I got
a sampling of them,
but there's no way you
could cover all of it.
>>EMERY: What impressed you
the most out of everything
that you saw was taught?
>>WHITNEY: Gosh.
I think the most
impressive thing
is that this is their way of
showing that they care about us.
This is a way of
them showing that we
can take care of
ourselves as well
and become part of
that greater community.
They can't intervene.
I mean, they have laws that
don't allow them to intervene,
but they're trying to show us
that we're going to give you
a vision of what you can do.
Somebody just has to take
the initiative to do it.
And I think what
they're trying to show
us is that we're far more
capable of coming together
than we are of creating more
division amongst ourselves.
It's just a cycle that
we're going through.
And so I think looking
at it that way,
there's great hope for us.
>>EMERY: So what are you going
to do with that experience?
>>WHITNEY: What
am I going to do?
Well, I'm trying to build
Omicron Commonwealth.
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>WHITNEY: We get a lot
of people that look at us.
We do look like an
anomaly, and they come up
and usually they refer
to us as Space Force.
So we say, well, no,
we're not Space Force.
We do tell them we're
Omicron Commonwealth.
We're here to unite
humanity together
and to create the world of
which we're meant to live in.
And whether it's
here on planet Earth
or whether it's out
in the greater cosmos,
we are part of that, and we
need to start realizing what
a great part we have
to play in that.
>>EMERY: I agree.
It's going to go that way.
>>WHITNEY: I think it is.
>>EMERY: There's
no other choice.
>>WHITNEY: Sooner than--
sooner rather than later to.
So we need to start
thinking in that direction.
>>EMERY: Well, as a
wealth of knowledge,
Victoria, I want to say thank
you for being on the show.
>>WHITNEY: Well, I am glad that
I was here to share with you.
I'm Emery Smith and this
is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]